title: 'FAQ'
---

##### No.1 
<hr width="75%" align="left">

**Q:** How to fix the problem when “RuntimeError, line:7,Error: Driver action request failed.” appears in Output?

**A:** Once this happens,it means that the line7's code execution failed and Lemonce Editor will stop running immediately.The following situations lead to this problem.

① **The page is not loaded yet.**

Sometimes,although the page displays completely,the elements inside the page are not loaded, which leads that actionkeywords like `click`,`input`,`move` can't find their operating element. Then you can add `wait` or `assert` statement before line7 to control the load of page.

② **The selector in the lc2 code cannot locate the corresponding element inside the page.**

There are serveral reasons to cause the situation:

- **The user has written the wrong selector.**

- **The selector in the page is dynamically generated.** The selectors generated by pressing <i class="fa fa-crosshairs"></i> button in recording process will change when it comes to playback process. Here you need to write a relatively stable selector such as [`:contains()`](/docs/lemoncase2/selector.html) and so on.

<br/>
##### No.2
<hr width="75%" align="left">

**Q:** Can Lemonce open multiple browser windows?

**A:** Lemonce's built-in webview is not a browser,so it doesn't have the function of tab switching. Howerver you can use `back` or `forward` to complete switching pages. [Click here](/docs/lemoncase2/actionkeyword.html) to know more.

<br/>
##### No.3
<hr width="75%" align="left">
**Q:** Is there **global variable** that is for all of the test cases in a suite?

**A:** We do not have global variables at the moment. However, we have something that we think is better than globals. The `import` keyword. Example: If you have a globals.lc2 file, which contains all of your global variables. Let's assume you have a link variable defined in that file.

The "global.lc2" file just like:
<pre class="sublemon">
// defined global variable
var="Lemonce";
link="https://www.google.com";
 process main () {

 }
process jumpToGoogle() {
    jumpto link;//link is a variable
}</pre>

You can import that file just like:
<pre class="sublemon">
 import './global.lc2'; // relative path to your file
// can use everything defined in globals now
process main () {
   jumpto link; // link is a variable defined in globals
   log var;// output "Lemonce"
   jumpToBaidu();// jump to google
 }</pre>

You can [click here](/docs/lemoncase2/instructionkeyword.html) to see how to use `import`.